A charitable organization wishes to develop a data-mining model to improve the cost-effectiveness of their direct marketing campaigns to previous donors. According to their recent mailing records, the typical overall response rate is 10%. Out of those who respond (donate), the average donation is $14.50. Each mailing, which includes a gift of personalized address labels and assortments of cards and envelopes, costs $2 to produce and send. Since expected profit from each mailing is 14.5 x 0.1 – 2 = –$0.55, it is not cost effective to mail everyone. 

We would like to develop a classification model using data from the most recent campaign that can effectively capture likely donors so that the expected net profit is maximized. 

The entire dataset consists of 3984 training observations, 2018 validation observations, and 2007 test observations. Weighted sampling has been used, over-representing the responders so that the training and validation samples have approximately equal numbers of donors and non-donors. The response rate in the test sample has the more typical 10% response rate. We would also like to build a model to predict donation amounts for donors – the data for this will consist of the records for donors only. The data are available in the file “charity.csv”

1. Develop a classification model for the DONR variable using any of the variables as predictors (except ID and DAMT). Fit all candidate models using the training data and evaluate the fitted models using the validation data. Use “maximum profit” as the evaluation criteria and use your final selected classification model to classify DONR responses in the test dataset (the R script file “TeamProjectEx.R” provides details).

2. Develop a prediction model for the DAMT variable using any of the variables as predictors (except ID and DONR). Use only the data records for which DONR=1. Fit all candidate models using the training data and evaluate the fitted models using the validation data. Use “mean prediction error” as the evaluation criteria and use your final selected prediction model to predict DAMT responses in the test dataset (the R script file “TeamProjectEx.R” provides details).

3. Save your test set classifications and predictions into a CSV file and one person from the team should submit this to Angel by the project deadline. Again, the R script file “TeamProjectEx.R” provides details for how to do this. Your test set classifications and predictions will be compared with the actual test set values of DONR and DAMT.
